Here are some implementation ideas:
* Intersecting inequalities: If the size of the DD corresponding to some inequalities are rather small, it may be effective to intersect the inequalities and represent the resulting DD. This may be possible as we go down the BB tree, as the size of the DD associated with each inequality becomes smaller. 
* State (node) branching: The default branching approach is the "arc" branching that partitions on variable bounds. This way the arcs with labels that do not belong to the branch partition will be removed, reducing the DD size. An advantage of this approach is that the bound partition can be applied to the DD of all inequalities. A disadvantage would be that achieving balance between the partitions can be hard, as the removal of different arcs at a certain layer may lead to different size reductions in DDs. Another idea would be to use "node" branching. In particular, we partition the nodes of a certain layer. This may result in a more balanced partitioning. However, a disadvantage would be that such paritioning designed for one inequality is not universal and does not translate directly to other inequalities. Therefore, the branch can only modify the DD with respect to one inequality, which may be inefficient. Perhaps for more important inequalities, we can switch to the node branching, while the default approach would be the arc branching.
* Considering a combination of continuous and discrete constraints: Assume that we have a constraint of the form f(x) + g(y) <= b, where variables x are integer and variables y are continuous. In its current form, we cannot construct the DD representation of this model. The idea is to introduce z = g(y) and replace the inequality with f(x) + z <= b. Variable z is continuous, and has lower and upper bounds as it is represented via g(y) and variables y are bounded (a default assumption for MINLPs). We can construct a DD for f(x) + z <= b, where the layer corresponding to z is the last one, and instead of imposing all possible arc labels of z between lower and upper bound, we only include two arcs (one with lower bound and one with upper bound label). It can be shown that the corresponding CGLP has the same optimal solution as the one with infinitely many arcs corresponding to all values of the interval between lower and upper bound values of z. This way, we adapt the basics of spatial branch and bound approach, while gaining strength by representing DD for the discrete part.
